[music]
Are we the final generation? At 100 a.m.
150 aircraft
traverse the western hemisphere along in
a secret mission to capture the dictator
Maduro.
A man who just days before stood and
declared his defiance to the United
States of America is today he and his
wife are in handcuffs and in chains.
We're in a war.
Make no mistake about it. The
administration, I believe, and this is
not a prophetic prediction. This is just
me prognosticating from what I know
about the situations geopolitically.
Here's my prediction. This was not about
Venezuela.
>> The Trump administration's main focus
has been peace in the Middle East. It is
his desire that that be his legacy that
he bring peace to the Middle East. What
many don't realize is that Venezuela,
number one, is one of the largest
producers of oil in the world.
And they have aligned themselves with
two key nations.
Russia and Iran.
Iran in all of their defiance to the
United States and in their radical
Islamic binge of terror. They have
relied on Venezuela for support as well
as for an escape. It is a safe place for
them. If things go arry in Iran, they
could always go to Venezuela as a backup
plan. Their backup plan has just been
demolished.
I don't know if you've seen the videos.
These This is of the bombings that took
place. No American forces, it says, were
lost during this operation. Hallelujah.
>> How in the world do you go across the
Western Hemisphere and invade with 150
aircraft and men on the ground, arrest
the president, get out of because we are
the baddest mama jamas on the planet.
That's why. Let's thank God for our
armed forces and all those who serve and
have served.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We can even we can we
can get on our feet and thank God for
them.
So I predict that this has more to do
than with Venezuela. I predict that
right now, you may not know that there
is a massive overthrow that's going on
that is being attempted in Iran.
Right now, as all this is going on, that
radical Islamic regime that has held
power for more than 40 years, more than
40 years ago, Iran looked like the
United States of America.
The freedom and the liberty that was
going on there was impressive compared
to what it is today. And now all of a
sudden, there is an upheaval that is
taking place. And we should be able to
celebrate this and don't buy into the
lies of the far left who look at this
and decry this. Here's what you need to
know. Pastors and ministers of the
gospel that have been in pits and in
prisons are free today in Venezuela
because of these actions. And now the
door is open wide for the gospel of
Jesus Christ to be preached in
Venezuela. And it's coming to Iran too.
>> In Jesus' name, we command the doors to
be opened in Iran for the preaching of
the gospel of Jesus Christ.
>> Hallelujah is right.
[snorts]
>> Jesus said in the last day there will be
wars
and there will be rumors of wars. The
only question is will there be a group
of believers who are ready? In times of
war, it is a time of transfer. Times of
war are a time of flux and transition
and revolution where power shifts hands.
Will the church engage in such a way to
participate in the power shift so that
the right people
>> economies
shift. If you're listening to the Holy
Ghost, you can be on the right side of
it.
>> Go to second Peter chapter 3. Second
Peter chapter 3. Hallelujah. And as
you're turning to second Peter chapter
3, I I want you to say this to yourself.
Say this in Jesus name. In 2026,
I have decided
>> I have decided
>> to be a Bible believer.
>> Bible believer.
>> Say in 26 I have decided
>> I have decided
>> to be a Bible believer.
>> Bible believer.
>> Hallelujah.
>> Second Peter chapter 3 and verse one.
The second epistle. Beloved, I write
unto you and both which I stir up your
pure minds by way of remembrance,
that you may be mindful of the words
which were spoken before by the holy
prophets and of the commandment of us,
the apostles of the Lord and Savior.
It's important for you to recognize here
with this passage of scripture that
Peter is placing the writings of the
apostle in line with or equal to the
writings of the prophet. They are
inspired scripture. The writings of the
apostle Paul, the writings of the
apostle Peter and others are inspired
right along with the voice of the
prophet. And here's what it says in
verse number three. knowing this first.
I'm [snorts] looking here at the Rener
version. He just released a study Bible
of first and second Peter where he
translates the scriptures and the
passages.
And he says, "Knowing always knowing and
never forgetting
first, foremost, and above all else."
The words knowing, always, knowing, and
never forgetting are translated from the
Greek, which means which means
what must be known, always known and
never forgotten.
Because it had been prophetically
declared long ago by prophets and
apostles that scoffers would come in the
last days, Peter reminded his readers
not to be shocked by this event.
So he says, "Knowing this first that in
that there shall come in when
>> the last days what?
>> Scoffers walking after their own lust."
Here's what it says in the renter
version. knowing, always knowing, and
never forgetting first and foremost, and
above all else, specifically that in the
very last of the last days, when time
has sailed to its last port, and not
much more time remains for the rest of
the last days journey, mocking scoffers
will come.
So what's referred to here in the last
days is actually a reference to a
journey of a ship when it's reaching its
last port.
It is not just the last days. It is the
last of the last days. And he says here
that they will be those who sneer and
make fun of those who believe in
Christ's coming.
And they will be people who are
dominated and ruled by their own base
instincts
and who therefore follow hard after
those instincts.
Knowing this verse that there shall come
in the last days scoffers,
saying verse number four, where is the
promise of his coming? For since our
fathers fell asleep, all things continue
as they were from the beginning of
creation. Oh, have you noticed that that
is not true for our generation? Things
are not continuing as they have from the
very beginning. The Bible predicts that
Israel would be reborn, has it been?
Things are not continuing as they always
have been. Verse number five, for this,
it's interesting. They are what?
Willingly ignorant.
What's what's it mean to be willingly
ignorant?
Huh?
That's right. It is deliberate.
They are deliberately
ignorant. Deliberately misinformed
on purpose. Why? Why are they
deliberately misinformed? By the word of
God, the heavens were of old, and the
earth, standing out of the water, and in
the water, whereby the word that then
was, being overflowed with water,
perished. But the heavens and the earth,
which are now by the same word, are kept
in store, reserved under fire against
the day of judgment and predition of
ungodly men. But beloved, be not
ignorant of this one thing. Now, this is
fascinating to me.
He is giving us endtime instructions
and he's talking about the deception of
the last days and how there are going to
be people who come around and come along
who attempt to
on purpose
be ignorant of what the last days more
particularly God's calendar.
the Essenes who we discuss in the New
Year's Eve service. And if you haven't
watched that, go back and watch the New
Year's Eve survey. If you have watched
it, go back and watch it again.
There are three calendars that we can
look at. The Gregorian calendar is the
one where we just celebrated the new
year, the Gregorian calendar. In the
Gregorian calendar, the year is 2026.
There is also the Hebrew calendar. And
the Hebrew calendar is the year 5786.
But then there is another calendar that
we discussed in our New Year's Eve
service called the the Dead Sea Scrolls
calendar or the calendar of the Essenes.
The Essenes were a faction of the Jewish
people who broke away from the Pharisee
and Sadducea group because they believed
them to be corrupted. And they believed
that what started their corruption was
the corruption of the calendar.
And because the calendar was corrupted,
the Essenes broke away and they had
their own hyperspiritual. They were the
crazy Pentecostals of the ancient world
because they believed in healing and
they prophesied and they predicted
things, crazy things. Hundreds of years
before the Messiah came, they predicted
that in 32 AD, this is how the Essen
calendar went. If you looked at the
Essene calendar, they believe that in 32
AD, a MelzDCian figure, high priest, the
Messiah would come and he would die for
our sins.
This is what is in the Dead Sea Scrolls.
This is what they predicted. They
predicted 150 years before Jesus came
that the Messiah would come in 32 AD and
he would die in 32 AD and that would
initiate a day of grace. [snorts]
Well, when we're looking at calendars,
should we go by the pheriseical
calendar,
the Gregorian calendar,
or these cats seem to get it right?
And according to them, here's where we
are. 5,950.
That's where we are right now. What's
the year?
Let's keep reading in Peter before we
get too far off track. And he says in
verse 8, "But beloved,
be not ignorant of this one thing."
So, here's how we're going to clear this
up. Here's how you're going to uncover
the mystery of the end times. Get your
calendar back on track. Here's what you
need to know. A day is with the Lord.
Isn't that interesting?
It is believed that the Apostle Paul who
was aware of the Essenes, but of course
he was a Pharisee of Pharisees when he
repented, he began to look again at the
teachings because apparently they were
accurate. John the Baptist was believed
to be from this group as well.
And he goes back to this calendar and he
says, "Here's what I need you to pay
attention to if you're going to get it
right. A day is with the Lord a thousand
years and a thousand years is as one
day." What the Essenes taught is that
in Genesis, we see a blueprint for the
history of mankind.
In fact, let's pull up the 7-day chart.
This is laid out by Clarence Larkin.
However, when you read the Essenes, it
it lines up almost perfectly with what
they believed. Also, I believe it was
Hippolitis and Aranius. The Talmud also
speaks of this theory that God hides
according to the book of Isaiah. In
fact, you can bring up this verse
because this is this is the key to
interpreting Bible prophecy. God hides
the end in the beginning. He said, "I
make known the end from the beginning
from ancient times what is still to
come." This is the Isaiah 46 key. If you
will look at the very beginning, you
will find out what God's calendar is
like, what he intends to do in the end.
So then we look go back to that chart
and we look at the seven days of
creation. Could that be a picture of
7,000 years of human history? You
following with me so far?
And they broke these up into three
increments of 2,000 years and then the
thousand-year reign of the Messiah,
which would be the seventh day. And so
the first 2,000 years and then something
dramatic would happen. What happened at
the end of the first 2,000 years,
Abraham cuts a covenant with God. In
fact, it was around 1948, 1,948.
Isn't that interesting? Do you know what
year Israel became a nation? 1948.
It's around 1,948
is when that whole covenant started.
It's as if the very author of the
universe is orchestrating its events,
isn't it?
And then you go 2,000 years from Abraham
and you have the birth of Christ and we
have this, of course, radical swirl of
prophetic events that are taking place
during that time. Then you jump 2,000
years and there's supposed to be the
rise of the Antichrist. And of course,
the real Christ comes to rule and reign
for 1,000 years. That's what we dove
into. We got into detail on that uh
during our New Year's Eve service. Go
back and watch that for sure.
And the theory is this, and we see this
in one of Jesus' parables in Mark
chapter number 12. We see him talking
about Jesus said that a man planted a
vineyard and built a wall around it and
dug a pit pressing out grape juice. and
he built a lookout tower and he leased
the vineyard to tenants and farmers and
moved to another country. Another
translation says he rented it. Everybody
say he leased it. [snorts]
>> Say he rented it. So what's unique about
a lease and a rental is they're all have
an end date. They all have a time. So
when we look at God giving man dominion
in the earth were they given a certain
period of time to rule and to reign
before he comes. Yes. 6,000 years.
What year is it right now?
>> So something is going to happen in the
final generation.
When you're looking at 5950,
when you're looking at that date, how
many years do we have left? If you go
back to that date, how many years do we
have left until the 6,000-year lease is
up?
>> That is biblically defined by the
Essenes as a generation.
This generation shall not pass till they
see all these things be fulfilled. It is
also the number 50 represents a
jubilee. It was believed by the Essenes
that the final jubilee would come.
And you know when the final jubilee
happens in March of 2026. That's when we
step into 51 which initiates the final
jubilee.
Look at your neighbor. Say, "You don't
know where you are."
You [snorts] better figure out what time
it is, though. I promise you that right
now.
Hosea 6:2. Look at this verse. Hosea
chapter 6:2 very quickly.
After two days, listen to this prophetic
promise.
It's talking about the coming of the
Messiah, that he will come and then
after two days, he will revive us.
And then in the third day, he will raise
us up and we shall
So if a day is with the Lord a thousand
years and a thousand years is a day, how
many days has it been since the Messiah
came?
How many years has it been? 2,000. How
many days? What did he say he would do
in two days to the nation of Israel? He
will.
What happened to the nation of Israel
that was non-existent for 2,000 years?
Do you understand how exciting it is to
be alive right now?
>> He said in two days, in 2,000 years, he
will revive us. And then in the third
thousand year, which gets us to the 7th,
thousand of all of human history,
we shall live in his sight. That's the
millennial reign of Christ.
Oh, have you excited to get to that?
>> The third day.
Now let's keep reading here in second
Peter. So he says very interesting all
these all this deception and mocking is
going to come up. When that happens I
want you to remember this a day is what
the Lord a thousand years a thousand
years is as a day. Verse number nine.
And here's what else I need you to know.
The Lord is not slack concerning his
promise,
as some men count slackness, but is
long-suffering to usward, not willing
that any should perish, but that all
come to the knowledge of the truth. I
don't know what promise you've been
standing on or how long you've been
waiting. You haven't been waiting 2,000
years. I promise you that. But whatever
you've been waiting on, know that the
Lord is not slack concerning his
promises as some men count slackness.
But he is longsuffering. He will do what
he said he was going to do. Now, why is
it taking so long? Why have we waited
this long? Could it be that Calvinism is
actually one of the most disgusting
theology one could possibly have?
Because it's not his will that.
Did you know if you talk to a rabid
Calvinist, they would say that some
babies are born predetermined to go to
hell
and they have prominent positions and
many reject Christianity because of such
a ridiculous view. They believe it is
the Lord's will. They just they just
kind of it's a lazy theology anyway
because everything is the Lord's will.
So everything that happens is the Lord's
will. If someone rapes somebody that was
the Lord's will. That's what they
believe. They're the ones making these
films called the prosperity gospel and
they're or the American gospel and
they're attacking people for believing
in prosperity and they don't realize
what they're actually doing is it is a
subtle way to inject this demonic
ideology.
This is what they believe. They believe
that God ordains for children to be
raped and molested. It's God's will.
But you're a heretic because you think
God wants you to prosper.
They believe, make it make sense,
please. They believe that God
predetermines to send some to hell,
no matter what they do, and
predetermines to send others to heaven,
no matter what they do. What a
convenient theology. And the only people
who believe this are the ones who
believe they are the chosen ones. Of
course, they are.
He doesn't choose everyone to be saved.
He just happened to choose me to be
saved. God bless your heart.
Here's what the Bible actually says.
It's not his will that.
And here's how you can always tell bad
theology because their response will be,
"Well, actually, what it really means if
you look in the original Greek, listen,
I don't listen, I don't I don't The
Bible says that a fool like me cannot
even heir therein when reading the
Bible." Here's that any should perish.
It's not his will that well the Greek
doesn't actually mean any. What it
really means is
you and you are Greek.
I trust the translators of the King
James Bible were a lot smarter than you.
Just just parathetically insert that
it is not his will that any should
perish but that all could it be that the
de the reason why it's taken this long
the reason why he allowed it to take
this long is because he just wants more
people to be saved because if it would
have happened any sooner you would have
been left outside so how many of you
glad he let it go a little bit longer so
that you could get in
and there's still chance for you too
sitting in this room watching online you
say well I don't know that I'm right
with the Lord where you still have a
moment to get right with God. If you're
not right with God right now, I've got
good news for you. There's still time to
get right
>> right now. I don't know that there'll be
time tomorrow. I don't know there'll be
time 15 minutes from now. I know there's
time right now
>> to say yes to Jesus. In fact, everybody
lift your hands right now in Jesus name.
Say this with me. Say, I repent
>> from all my sin.
>> I turn to Jesus.
>> I trust in him.
>> I trust him.
>> He is
>> my Lord
>> my savior. He took my place.
>> He took my place.
>> And I receive
>> I receive
>> his forgiveness.
>> Somebody say hallelujah two or three
times. Come on. If you believe, it's
good news.
>> He said verse 10, "But that day of the
Lord will come as a thief in the night."
I wish I could go back to First
Thessalonians, but we don't have time.
in the which the heavens shall pass away
with a great noise, and the elements
shall burn up with a fervent heat, and
the earth also, and the works that are
therein shall be burned up. Seeing then
that all these things shall be
dissolved. Here's the question tonight I
want to ask. What manner of person ought
ye to be in all holiness and godliness,
looking for and hastening until the
coming of the day of the Lord God.
In light of all this, when you realize a
day is with the Lord a thousand years
and a thousand years is as one day, I
have a question for you. What kind of
person should you be in light of that
revelation? Do you realize that Bible
prophecy and the Essenes believed that
if you did not have an intense emphasis
on Bible prophecy, you would get into
error?
What if Bible prophecy is supposed to
change your very character and your very
nature?
Because when you consider all of these
things, knowing all of this about Bible
prophecy, what kind of person should you
be now that you know?
Some of you are battling in your homes,
in your finances, in your body, in your
marriage. Let me ask you something. If
you believed that tonight at midnight
the trumpet was going to blast and we
were coming out of here, what would you
do about that thing?
Who would you call? What would you say?
What prayers would you pray? What would
you fix? What would you get right? What
would you make sure was lined up so that
when you met Jesus, he could say, "Well
done, thy good and faithful servant."
In light of all these things, now that
we know this,
what kind of person should we be?
An understanding of prophecy is supposed
to change your personality.
Second Corinthians. Let's look at it
together. Second Corinthians.
Hallelujah.
Second Corinthians.
I just saw something else that was good
in Second Corinthians. We'll see if we
have time to get to it.
That's why I love having a tangible
physical Bible,
you know, because if you just look it up
on your phone, then you don't, you know,
when you got your actual Bible, have you
ever been going to a verse and on your
way to that verse, you found something
else? You lose that when you, you know,
you're using a device.
Plus, the batteries don't wear out on
this thing. Just, it just works.
[snorts] What' I tell you? Second
Corinthians. I'm in 1 Corinthians. I'll
get there eventually.
2 Corinthians chapter 5.
Lord, what kind of person should we be?
That's what I want to answer tonight.
Verse 17.
Wherefore, if any man be in
Christ, he is a
>> new creation, new species that has never
existed before.
>> [snorts]
>> All old things are passed away. And
behold,
how many things are new?
>> All things are new and all things are of
>> God. When something says of God means it
proceeds from God is born of God. All
things are of God.
Who hath now let's look at what God has
done for us. who hath reconciled us unto
him.
Now wait, how did he do that?
What does it mean to be reconciled?
It means to be reconciled means to
correct an imbalance.
That's what reconciliation to correct an
imbalance. It means to pay a debt, to
balance the books.
You owed a debt you could not pay. So he
paid a debt he did not owe.
So Jesus, how did he do it? Jesus came,
he lived, and he died,
crucified on a rugged beam,
swung up between heaven and earth,
pierced in his hands, pierced in his
feet. He cried with a loud voice as his
body was ripped apart like ribbons with
the cat of nine tales. And he cried, "My
God, my God, why have you forsaken me?"
This is what he did. This is how he
reconciled us unto himself.
And who is he that ascended but he that
first descended into the lower parts of
the earth where the very flames of hell
lapped upon his body.
This is what he did to reconcile us.
This is reconciliation. This is how the
books are balanced. And the Bible says
here in verse 7, here in verse 18, all
things are of God who hath what?
Reconciled us to himself by Jesus
Christ. And look at this, has given to
us
the ministry of
>> He went through the misery so that you
could have the ministry.
So now you don't have to be swung up.
Not that you even qualified.
But you don't have to be swung up
between heaven and earth. You don't have
to be crucified in order to wield that
power. That power has already been
wielded by the only one worthy to carry
it. He has now endued you with the
ministry of it, the administration of
it.
So he purchased something on the cross
and then he gave you the administration
of what it is that he purchased on the
cross. He went through the min misery so
that you could have the ministry of
reconciliation.
And he goes into more detail. This is
gets kind of shocking here in verse 19
to it or in the same manner. Everybody
say in the same manner.
That's shocking.
In the same way that God was in Christ,
reconciling the world to himself, not
imputing their trespasses to them,
he hath given unto us
the
>> what?
>> Ofuses.
So Jesus
went through the work.
Now you carry the
when you speak the power of the cross is
in your words.
The power of the death, burial and
resurrection of Jesus ride on your words
when you are sharing the gospel of Jesus
Christ.
The same power that he had to redeem
humanity is now resident in the word in
your testimony. The testimony of Jesus
is the spirit of prophecy. The very same
power is in your testimony.
Have you been using it lately?
And here
is where it gets really shocking.
Everybody say, "I have
>> the ministry of reconciliation."
The word ministry, let me give you this
very quickly. Get this in your notes,
means to appoint to an office as a
representative.
We when we think ministry we immediately
begin to think spiritually.
This is actually not a spiritual
statement. It's not referring to
religion. It is referring to a
governmental office.
When you think it is religion, you think
in terms of
spirituality, the unseen.
When you think of religion, you think of
emotions and feeling.
But this is getting real practical. He's
talking about a government job.
And if you can get a government job,
there's some pretty good benefits.
Can anybody testify?
>> All right. One ministry of rec
reconciliation. One who executes orders
on behalf of another
ministry.
The ministry of defense. Ministry. It is
a governmental office. A servant of the
king. That's a ministry. You getting
this?
And here's what he says in verse number
20.
Now then we are
okay. So I'm trying to answer the
question what kind of person we should
be in light of all this revelation that
we've getting gotten concerning the last
days. Here's what the Bible says we are
now. Then we are not that verse.
They skipped
the most important verse. Verse 20. You
don't have verse 20. Do you have it in
your Bible? It's a good thing you got
your Bible open. It's just a lesson for
you to always have your Bible open.
Now then, we are what?
>> Ambassadors for Christ. As though,
listen to this. God did beseech you by
us.
Ready to get radical.
>> We pray you
in Christ said, "Be ye reconciled to
God.
It doesn't get any more radical than
this.
You are an ambassador.
An ambassador.
We're going to break that down here in a
moment. Dr. Monroe gave us a great
revelation decades ago about that. And
we're going to break that down here in a
second. For Christ. And so God did
beseech you by us. Here's what he's
saying. God is talking to you through
us.
And now I pray you. And the word pray
doesn't mean pray. It means to beseech,
negotiate,
implore.
I am talking to you instead of Christ.
What kind of person should we be?
Someone who can stand in front of
another individual and talk to them in
Christstead.
as an ambassador for the Lord Jesus
Christ, I say to you, be forgiven.
>> Because [snorts] Jesus said, see, so you
when you get out of the spiritual and
the ethereal and the religious, you
recognize something that Jesus said. He
said, "Whosoever sins, you remit, they
are remitted."
>> Whosoever sins you retain, they are
retained. What does that mean? Whoever
sins you forgive, they're forgiven.
You can't go around willy-nilly telling
people that your sins are forgiven
as an ambassador. Do you understand what
an ambassador is? An ambassador.
An ambassador. In order to understand
what it means to be an ambassador, you
have to understand the concept of the
kingdom.
The kingdom, not spiritually, you've
been raised in a democracy. That's why
you have issues with this. You've been
raised in a republic. That's why you
have issues with this. You don't really
understand what it means to be in a
kingdom. What is a kingdom? It is not a
republic. It is not a democracy. What
the king says goes.
In a kingdom, you see, in a democracy,
the people elect the leader. In a
kingdom, the leader elects the people.
In a democracy, the people have a say in
the laws that they want enacted. In a
kingdom, you got no say. The laws are
what the laws are. Everybody say, "This
is the kingdom."
The first description of Adam in the
Bible comes in Genesis chapter 1 and
verse 26. The very first description of
man, we see something fascinating that
is imprinted on the DNA of all of
humanity. And the Bible says, God said,
"Let us make man in our image and after
our likeness, and let them have
>> dominion."
What in earth is dominion? Dominion
means to cause, to dominate, to take, to
prevail, to subjugate or to rule a
kingdom.
A kingdom of course is where a king has
dominion, where a king has rule.
[snorts] So Adam was a king anointed by
God. There was no worship in Genesis
chapter 1 and chapter 2. As we think of
it, we weren't made here. Are you ready
for a shocking statement? We weren't
made to worship.
We were made to rule.
That's why you don't see praise and
worship verses in this because that
comes later.
What comes first is you're an ambassador
on his behalf and you rule and reign
right there where you are. That's first.
And so when Adam sins, what does Adam
lose when he sins? The kingdom.
So Adam sins and he loses the kingdom.
Then Jesus comes 4,000 years later, four
days later, Jesus comes. He gets
anointed by the Holy Ghost. He stands up
to preach his first sermon. And in
Matthew, he stands up and he says,
"Repent."
Do you know what comes next?
>> For the kingdom is at hand.
Jesus is attempting to restore to us
divine authority and dominion in the
earth. Adam lost the kingdom. Jesus won
the kingdom back. And he now says to
you, repent. Change the way you think.
Turn around. Renew your mind because the
kingdom is now at hand. At hand means it
is within your reach. If you will turn,
if you will repent and change your
thinking and renew your mind, you have
to [snorts] renew your mind. religious
people. That's who he was talking to.
You're thinking religiously. Jesus is
thinking kingdom.
You're thinking you have to pray, "Lord,
won't you help me? Lord, won't you help
me?" Kingdom people, ambassadors don't
pray, "Lord, won't you help me?"
Ambassadors are the embodiment of the
kingdom that they represent.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Nudge your
neighbor say, "You better get this. You
better get this.
This is why Jesus came when he came. The
Bible says he came in the fullness of
time.
What does that mean? Everything was
perfect. All of history had had
culminated to this moment where the
greatest empire known to man, the Roman
Empire had been established. The Roman
roads had finally been developed. So,
transportation was easy for evangelism.
Now, the Greek language had propagated
the vast majority of the known world.
And so, now the gospel could be preached
and advanced throughout the whole wide
world. And the Roman government was
different from every other empir every
other kingdom that had ever existed.
Other kingdoms would invade and they
would take everybody captive and take
them slave into slavery. Not the Roman
government. They would come in and they
would leave the citizens there and they
would bring an ambassador
and that ambassador would come and he
would rule in that foreign land as a
representative as the embodiment of the
Roman government.
>> [snorts]
>> This is what Paul understands when he's
saying, "Now then we are.
You are the embodiment of the kingdom in
a foreign land.
An ambassador is not a religious office.
It is a political appointment. An
appointment by the government of heaven
to represent the kingdom."
An ambassador. Get this down. Get this
down. Get this down. Write this down. An
ambassador is a walking country.
He The ambassador is not responsible for
his food, housing, travel, or safety.
Who's responsible?
The kingdom he represents. That's who's
responsible for his food, travel, and
safety.
If you slap a citizen in the face, it is
called an assault.
If [snorts] you slap an ambassador, it
is now an international incident.
Say, "I'm an ambassador."
>> An ambassador is sent, see if this
terminology sounds familiar to what
you've heard from Jesus, with a
commission.
Ambassadors represent a government, not
a religion. Ambassadors speak official
policy, not personal opinion. Someone
will ask me, I'm in the in Oh, they're
up there. There you go. They'll ask you,
"What do you think about this trans
issue?" And your response should be,
"Well, it doesn't really matter what I
think about it because I'm not allowed
to speak my opinion. I am an ambassador
of a kingdom. I can tell you what the
king says about it." Hallelujah.
>> I'm not going to tell you my opinion. I
will tell you what the king says about
it. The king says you're actually a man.
>> That's what the king says.
>> Well, you don't patty cake with that.
Somebody say hallelujah.
>> Hallelujah.
>> Ambassadors carry delegated authority,
not presumptuous confidence. Ambassadors
embody the will of the king wherever
they are assigned. Ambassadors exist to
extend influence, not seek approval.
Ambassadors prioritize the interests of
their kingdom over personal comfort.
Ambassadors trust their kingdom for
provision.
Ambassadors export their culture, their
values, their morals from their homeland
to the country that they're in.
Ambassadors stay in constant
communication with their government.
Well, that would help you.
Ambassadors live as citizens of one
kingdom while operating in another.
An ambassador, are you ready for my
favorite? An ambassador is not subject
to the laws of the country he's
visiting.
One of my favorite movies, Lethal Weapon
2.
I should have had them pull it up. There
he is.
I did not tell them to do this.
They saw my notes and they knew
Rigs and Myrt are attempting to take out
these bad guys, but they are ambassadors
from another country. Therefore, they
are not subject to the laws of the land.
and he says I have diplomatic immunity
even in the last of course he didn't rig
or my didn't pay any attention to his
diplomatic immunity he shot him in the
head anyway
I like those kinds of movies
at the very end he's bold in this
statement because he knows his position
with this government he even holds up
his credentials and he says diplomatic
immunity
Earlier on in the movie, they said,
"We're going to get you. We're going to
bring you down." He said, "My dear son,
you could not even give me a parking
ticket."
Do you realize it is the truth when you
represent another government,
the government that you're in, the
kingdom that you're in can't touch you
without causing an international
incident. Which of course means if they
touch you, if they arrest you, it's
going to cause the full force and
backing of the kingdom you represent now
come to bear on them and their
government.
>> Everybody say, "Devil,
>> I've got diplomatic immunity.
>> You are not subject to the laws of this
world."
I'm not talking about the government.
You're not subject to the laws of this
world. You got to think bigger. Jesus.
You remember when the wind and the waves
were tossing the boat and they shook
Jesus and woke him up and he spoke to
the wind and the waves? That that don't
make no sense. How could he do that?
He's not from this world. He comes from
another world. And the world he comes
from, he doesn't have to operate by the
rules of this world.
You're having difficulty in your life,
in your body, in your mind. That's how
this world operates. You don't have to
tolerate that. You have diplomatic
immunity from the attacks of the enemy
in this life. And you need to stand up
bold and proud and declare, "I have Holy
Ghost diplomatic immunity. You can't
touch me because I am an ambassador."
>> Hallelujah.
>> 2 Corinthians.
>> Oh, I might as well finish reading
chapter 2, uh, chapter 5 and verse
20 and 21. Now then, we are ambassadors
for Christ. as though God did beseech
you by us. We pray you. We're here
praying. We're here talking to you
instead of Jesus.
What a responsibility.
And what are they saying? Be reconciled
to God. Not you dirty old thing you.
Come back to Jesus. Come back to God.
The debt's been paid. The balance has
been taken care of. All you have to do
is accept it. Come back to Christ.
for he hath made him to be sin for us
who knew no sin.
The religious world will always tell you
and there's there's there's something to
this. The reason why Jesus done did all
of those things is because he was Jesus.
Actually, no. because he was a sinless
man
and he hath made him Jesus to be sin for
us who knew no sin
that we might be made the righteousness
of God in him.
How many of you know Jesus never knew
sin?
How many of you know you never knew
righteousness?
The books were swapped. The
reconciliation has been successful. Now
when you pray, you can pray as one who
never sinned.
>> See this condemnation comes on you when
I say you're supposed to stand and say,
"I am for Jesus Christ and I'm talking
to you. I am here on Christ's behalf to
tell you be reconciled to God." Well, I
couldn't do that, you know, because you
don't know what my past is like. You
don't know what I did. That's right. But
I know what he did.
>> And he paid the price, buddy. I'm
telling you, he paid the price for you.
He paid the [snorts] price for your
house. He paid the price for your mind.
He paid the price for your sin. All you
have to do is receive it by faith and
walk circumspectly before him.
>> 2 Corinthians chapter 2. 2 Corinthians
chapter 2. Turn there very quickly. Very
quickly.
This is what I saw on the way there.
Verse number 14.
Now, thanks be unto God,
which sometimes,
>> you know, every once in a while if he
feels like it,
>> thanks be unto God, which always causes
us to triumph in Christ and to make
manifest the savor of his knowledge by
us every place.
the savor of his knowledge,
the smell of his revelation. You know,
the the thing that's connected more to
memory than anything else is your sense
of smell.
And there's this there's this
communication throughout scripture that
in the Apostle Paul makes this
connection that I don't know if you
remember that story where um
uh Isaac
and Esau
and you remember you remember somebody
putting on some fur
goat
so he could feel like his brother to get
the inheritance.
And so he could smell like his brother
to get the inheritance.
And because the father was blind and he
could only smell and feel, he gave the
unworthy one the inheritance.
[laughter]
I'm trying.
Do you realize that what Jesus has done
for you? that the father an impartial
judge. Jesus has so cloaked you with his
mantle and cloaked you with his
anointing and cloaked you with his savor
that when you go before the father the
father goes [snorts]
>> that smells like Jesus. I'm going to
give them whatever they ask for. I'm
going to give them whatever they
that smells like Jesus. That feels like
Jesus. Let's give them whatever they ask
for. Whatever they ask for, give it to
them in the name of Jesus.
Just go like that to your neighbor. You
smell like Jesus.
Even if it's not true. Lie. Lie to him.
Lie to him. Stand in faith.
Everywhere you go, you bring this aroma
with you that people in their spirit
just goes.
My office is upstairs in our home and
oftentimes I'll be working up there and
my wife while I'm working up there, my
wife is working downstairs on some
miracle in the kitchen
and something starts wafting up the
stairway, making its way down the
hallway and it enters into my office and
all of a sudden I am distracted from
what's going on and I'm like one of
those cartoon characters where, you
know, I'm being carried by my nose down
the hallway and
this is the impact you have on the
unregenerated world that when you're in
the room there is this whiff of hope in
the air
that situations that were dire now the
impossible seems possible. I don't know
why when I get around you they may say I
just feel so at peace and there's so
much joy. I don't understand why I come
through those doors and all of a sudden
I feel inspired or I feel faith. It's
the whiff of hope is in the air.
Verse number 15.
For we are unto God, a sweet savor unto
Christ, to them that are saved, and to
them that perish.
To one we are the saver of death unto
death, and the other the saver of life
unto life. And who is sufficient for
these things?
But look at this next verse, verse 17.
But we are not as many which corrupt the
word. Oh, that's vitally important.
Don't ever, ever replace his word with
your word. Don't ever dilute or pollute
his word with your word. We are not as
many which corrupt the word of God with
ill-gotten motives,
putting a selfish motive behind a
passage of scripture. We are not as many
which corrupt the word of God,
but as of sincerity,
as of God,
in the sight of God, speak we in Christ.
as of God. You could you could say as
God and the same meaning of the text
applies because of means born of or sent
from. But everybody says as God
>> in the sight of God
>> I speak
>> in Christ.
>> That's what a real prayer life is. By
the way, it's not whether or not you
prayed and you cried out and I didn't
see anything because you didn't speak as
God in the sight of God in Christ. If
you will speak as God in the sight of
God in Christ, you will see a lot more
answers to your prayers.
And so when we look at the world that we
find ourselves in and we ask this
question, what kind of person should we
be in the midst of all these things?
When we recognize how late the hour is,
what kind of person should we be? And we
talk about occupying until Jesus comes.
How are we supposed to occupy? As
ambassadors
with not an inflated sense of self, but
an inflated sense of Christ in us, the
hope of glory.
Stand up with me just for a minute
because I'm going to teach you how to
pray
over your situation now because you've
been praying the wrong way. You've been
saying, "Lord, won't you help me? Oh
god, I don't know if I'm I don't know if
I
I'm not going to Does that sound like an
ambassador of this kingdom? You sound
like the Biden administration when you
do that.
A lot of bluster, but when push cush,
you ain't got nothing behind it. The
Biden administration said a lot about
Maduro and Venezuela. You know what they
did?
You're going to have to get something
behind you that's bigger than you.
When you are praying over your
situation, I want you to ask yourself,
is this prayer representative of the
kingdom? I mean, if you had your
president standing in front of the
world, how would you want them to act?
You have an ambassador. You know, if you
could choose between an ambassador and
being an ambassador and a congressperson
or a senator,
congress people and senators have no
power. Ambassadors
have the power.
That's a much more powerful office.
That's what you are. You have diplomatic
immunity.
[laughter]
You didn't know that lethal weapon would
come in handy in your study of the
Bible, did you?
But it did, and it always will.
Briggs and Mr. the greatest theologians
of the 20th century.
What are you facing right now? I just
wonder with every head bowed, every eye
closed, how many of you feel like, you
know what, I need to ratchet up my
prayer life. I need to ratchet up my
representation of the kingdom. If we're
going to win America and the church back
to Christ, we have to become
representatives. And I have to teach you
to pray in Christstead.
If you say, "I need to get this
revelation." Just raise your hands up in
the air. Just raise your hands. I need
to get this revelation. Just raise it
up. Raise it up.
Yeah.
You don't have to plead and beg.
Mother Parsley told me this story. She
was in a Katherine Kman service and they
were just Baptist and they had heard
about this healing service and they
brought their [snorts] they brought
their prayer request. I believe it was
for their daughter. They came into the
service. I forget who the prayer request
was for.
And as Kathern Kumman was coming by,
Ellen Parsa began to plead and beg. Oh
God. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. Please. Oh
God. Please. Please. Please.
And Katherryn Kman pointed her flowing
gown at Mama Parsley and said, "Don't
ever beg God."
The power of God hit her and knocked her
back several rows. and she got up with a
revelation
of sunship.
Ambassadors don't beg their kingdom.
Neither do children beg their parents.
You are the embodiment of your parents.
Hallelujah.
Every head bowed, every hand lifted.
And I want to say that to you. Don't
ever beg God.
Every time you beg, every time you
plead, every time you whimper, you show
you have no clue or that you have
disrespect for what Christ pro provided
on the cross.
He already paid for it. You don't have
to beg for it. You just receive it by
faith. Hallelujah.
And father in the name of Jesus I pray
an assurityity will come an assurance
a peace
that they will come to know who they are
in Christ Jesus.
They would meditate on what it is the
blood provided on what it is the cross
the resurrection provided.
They would walk in that revelation. They
are ambassadors,
representatives of your kingdom
and as such are not bound by the laws of
this world. So I command depression go
in Jesus name. We command in the name of
Jesus anxiety leave
that pain that is so common in this
world because of the curse. We have
immunity to that. We rebuke that now in
Jesus' name. Satan, let them go or it
will cause an international incident.
Let their families go.
We speak peace to your home. Now say
this with me. As an ambassador
>> of the Lord Jesus Christ,
>> I stand
>> in Christstead.
>> Christ.
>> Now wait, wait, wait, wait. Let me ask
you something. If Jesus was standing
here right now pointing his finger at
you, do you believe that whatever he
said would come to pass?
>> Let me ask you this. Do you believe that
the Bible says you and your house shall
be saved?
>> So, we're about to say this and I want
you to receive it as if Christ is saying
it.
>> Say this with me. as an ambassador
>> as an ambassador of the Lord Jesus
Christ and the kingdom of God. I speak
to my house
and I command it.
>> Be saved.
>> Be reconciled
IN JESUS NAME. NOW CELEBRATE it like you
believe. It's done. It's done. It's
done. [music] It's done. Confuse the
enemy with your celebration right now.
Come on. Come on. You will never again
doubt God's desire to bless you. When
you get my latest book, 101 Prosperity
Confessions, you're going to learn how
to align your mouth with heaven's
economy and unlock the blessings of God.
For too long, we've been propagandized
by a poverty mentality. And it's time
for the body of Christ to rise up to
receive the wealth transfer [music] and
understand what God has promised from
his word. So allow me if you will to
take you through this devotional 101
days of scripture devotion and [music]
confession that will renew your mind,
transform your life, and help us as a
church [music] advance the kingdom. Get
your copy of 101 Prosperity Confessions
today [music] and align your mouth with
heaven's economy.